vector data cube blog cross post (#701)
xarray-contrib/xarray.dev: src/posts/vector-data-cubes/index.md

---
title: Vector data cubes in Xarray

> description: Thanks to Xvec and developments across a number of packages, the Xarray ecosystem now supports data cubes with vector geometries as coordinate locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: '2024-08-15'
authors:
  - name: Emma Marshall
    github: e-marshall
summary: 'Thanks to Xvec and developments across a number of packages, the Xarray ecosystem now supports data cubes with vector geometries as coordinate locations.'
```

Reviewer: ☝🏽 adds missing metadata that are necessary for the build process to pass.

Author: ah thanks @andersy005 ! didn't realize those were required
